---
marp: true
---
# BOOTSTRAP 
## VERSION 4
### MODULE 4
 + The mobile-first paradigm.
 + Wireframes in the design phase.
 + Twitter Bootstrap-Grid System.(Framework)
 + Bootstrap containers.
 + Other bootstrap components.
 + Bootstrap carousels
 + Bootstrap cards
 + Bootstrap navigation bars.
 + Bootstrap themes.
 + Font Awesome.

---

### The mobile-first paradigm

+ Code your mobile version first.
+ Plan for mobile in your styles.
+ Plan mobile from the start and CSS framework should be mobile ready.
+ Create website for IE version 11 onwards atleast.
+ Is your website mobile friendly?
   + Can test it here, "search.google.com/test/mobile-friendly" 

---

### Twitter Bootstrap

+ Bootstrap is the most popular HTML, CSS and JS framework for developing responsive, mobile first websites.
+ Free front-end framework.
+ Includes HTML and CSS based design templates.
   + For typography, forms, buttons, tables, navigation, models, image carousels, etc.,
   As well as JS plugins.
+ JS plugins are based on JQuery API plugin architecture.
+ BS is compatible with all modern browsers.

---

### Including Bootstrap

+ We need to include the bootstrap(library) in our webpage.
  +  visit "getbootstrap.com", from here we can download (or)
  + copy paste the code below, it will include all your JS and JQuery code for bootstrap.
+ Include Bootstrap 4 from a CDN(Content Delivery Network)-Sequence is important.(because jquery need to be executed before bootstrap.)
   + Often used "stackpath.com/maxcdn/",
   because of its caching capability it helps us access frequent websites in a fast manner.(1st visit would be delayed because of uncached of new files from other websites, but all others would be quick.) 

---

### Advantage of using the CDN

+ Many users already have downloaded BS4 from MAXCDN when visiting another website.
+ As a result, it will be loaded from cache when they visit your site, which leads to faster loading time.
+ Most CDNs will make sure that once  a user requests a file from it, it will be served from the server closest to them, which also leads to faster loading time.

#### Note:-

+ "minifier.org" to minimize the CSS and JS file