---
marp: true
---

#### Twitter Bootstrap- Grid System

+ To create a button,
visit "css3buttongenerator.com" using css alone.(that would be tidious)
+ visit 'getbootstrap.com' to get the bootstrap for the mentioned done in a more easier way.
+ No code <style> is required, simply include bootstrap in our webpage using <link>, and start using the necessary CLASSES from thw website "getbootstrap.com"
+ Classes like, "col-sm-6, col-md-6"
+ we can make our website responsive without much of a code.
+ BS follows a 12 column layout.

---

#### Grid System

+ To know how many different screen sizes BS support, and their exact break points(Given in BS Documentation)
  + .col-(<576px)
  + .col-sm-(>576px)
  + .col-md-(>768px)
  + .col-lg-(>992px)
  + .col-xl-(>1200px)
+ The grid layout in BS, is based on floating elements.
+ Classes like "order-first"

---

#### Bootstrap Container

+ Class:-
  + .container - It will have a maximum width set to it and will leave left and right margin of auto.
  + .container-fluid - It will always span our viewport from 1 end to other end, width will be the complete width of the viewport.
  + **Note**:- For some breakpoints layouts might break, because content might be overflowing as BS is build on float property.
    + BS has a **clearfix** property, which should be in "parent" class which has "child" containing "float-left, float-right" in it.
     + **Clearfix** is important in BS grid when things are overflowing out of grid system visual layout.
        It quickly and easily clears floated content within a container.
        
        <div class="clearfix"></div> 