---
marp: true
---

## Good UI Principles
+ Design Principles, are widely applicable guidelines, best practices which designers apply.
+ Responsive website design - Inclusive of all platforms.

---

## Naturalness 
+ A natural UI design is one that does not force the users to change their usual ways.
+ Ecommerce website uses same flow as with any hypermarket  task flow for the user.
+ Use of words, images and colors e.g:- cart image.

---

## User Control
+ Good UIs instill a sense of control in their users.
+ Keeping users in control makes them comfortable.
+ For google maps- provides controls, shows/hides zooming level.
+ If we are embedding audio/video, make sure to give a control panel.
+ Make actions reversible - be forgiving.

---

## Predictability
+ A crucial moment: The zero state 
+ Using metaphors in the UI design allows user to create a connection between the real world and digital experiences.
+ Give easy navigation.
+ Give visual cues.

---

## Flexibility and Efficiency
+ Font and design customizations.
+ Data customizations.
+ Customize user experience-hierarchy, layout, alignment, white space.
+ Efficiency-Scrolling is often faster than paging.

---

## Error Prevention
+ Provide informative feedback- Help people inline.
+ Prevent errors if possible; else warn user before they commit actions.
+ Show the visibility of system status
+ Provide plain-language error messages to pinpoint problems and likely solutions.
+ Be polite in error messages.
+ Don't make your problems the user's issue.