---
marp : true
---

## Clarity

+ Clarity is the first and most important job any interface.
+ There should be no confusion.
+ Clarity inspires confidence and leads to further use.
+ Clarity over complexity.
+ No visual clutter.

---

## Visual Hierarchy

+ Use typograpgy, colors, contrast to highlight important things.
+ Have an easy to scan visual hierarchy that reflects user's needs.
+ Commonly used items handily available.
+ Use sizes of buttons to establish hierarchy.

---

## Layout Hierarchy

+ The correct layout for establishing hierarchy.
+ Do not have too long lines nor too short. Eg:- Netflix Website.

---

## Visual Hierarchy

+ Alignment - Have same for title and body.
+ Same indentation for everything.
+ Importance of white space/ negative space.

---

## Progressive Disclosure

+ An ideal interface will defer final decisions to subsequent screens by progressively disclosing information.
+ If people are making a decision, show enough information to allow them the choice and then display additional information on a subsequent screen.
+ Do not interrupt or give users obstacles - make obvious pathways which offer an easy ride.

---

## Accommodate all types of users

+ Accommodate users with different skill levels.
+ Don't sacrifice expert users for an easy-to-use interface for novice or casual users.
+ Make systems flexible so novices and experts can choose to do more or less on them.

---

## Fitts' Law

+ For visual hierarchy, when our finger is too big to tap on a button/checkbox.
+ This law states that the time to acquire a target is a function of the distance to and size of the target.
+ So large and closer targets for important functions.
+ Reduce the total number of targets to accomplish a given task too.

---

## Protect the user's work

+ Do not ( ask users for data they have already entered / let users do the work again )
+ Whether error is on their side or yours.

---

## Design for interaction

+ Create defaults that reduce the burden on the user.
+ Recognition over recall-give cues to establish a habit, do not make users recall.
+ Do not make users remember information - keep options, etc. visible.

---

## Focus on one action

+ Conserve attention at all costs.
+ One primary action per screen.
+ Keep secondary actions secondary eg: share button.
+ Eliminate all elements that are not helping your users.

---

## Grouping and breakup

+ Cluster related objects together.
+ Proximity to establish grouping.
+ Repetition of same style for grouping.

---

## Information Architecture

+ Be purposeful in page layout.
+ Consider the spatial relationships between items on the page and structure the page based on importance.
