---
marp: true
---

## Accessibility

+ Build for inclusion of all audience including disabled-
   + low vision, blindness, color blindness
   + hearing impairments
   + cognitive impairments
   + motor impairments.

---

## Visual disabilities

+ Anytime we want color to convey information in the interface, you should use other cues to convey the information to those who cannot see the colors.
+ Perceivable- Always provide text alternatives to your images.
+ Add content to your webpage via html, not via images etc., for better accessibility.
+ Use good color contrast for easy viewing.

---

## Hearing disabilities

+ If using music or listening modules for giving information in our website, and see whether videos include captioning.
+ Provide captions and transcripts for video and audio.

---

## Motor Disabilities

+ Slow response time.
+ Do we require a steady hand.
+ Operable-make sure everything is accessible with a keyboard as well not only mouse actions.

---

## Cognitive disabilities

+ Understandable:-
   + Help user navigate to your page and give location of where they are.
   + Use easy language
   + Information structure to be discernable.
   + Make pages operate in predictable ways.
   + Help users avoid and correct mistakes. 

---

## Robust ans accessible

+ Syntax errors even though not visually hampering, may break use of assistive technology and accessibility tools.
+ Cool styles should not make your page less accessible.
+ Use correct semantic markups.
+ Refactor your HTML and make necessary CSS changes.
+ visit "wave accessibility evaluation tool" to check for any error, issues in webpage based on your accessibility requirements.

---

## Aria (Accessible risch internet applications)

+ Assistive technology :-
   + Umbrella term for all devices and tools that help any person with any disability to complete a task.
+ Affordance:-
   + An object that offers or affords its user the opportunity to perform an action.
   + Eg: button
+ Screen reader:-
   + Popular assistive technology for visually impaired persons.
   + visit "w3.org/TR/wai-aria/"