---
marp: true
---

# JAVASCRIPT ES(ECMA SCRIPT) 5

## Module 7

+ ECMA Script
+ JavaScript vs Java
+ Popularity and Importance
+ Basics of JavaScript
+ JS Statements
+ JS Functions
+ Adding JS to your website
+ Document Object Model
+ Manipulating DOM
+ Events
+ Exception Handling
+ Forms and JS
+ Cookies
+ Browser Object Model
+ Fake namespaces and IIFEs
+ Practices

---

# ECMA Script

+ It is the official name of the language.
+ Standardized Scripting Language.
+ Versions - ES5, ES6

---

# Difference Between Java and JavaScript

+ JavaScript               
   + Interpreted
   + It is a Scripting and
      Programming Language.
   + Used in Website Front-End,
     Back-End, NoSQL DB.
   + For running JS in Front-End we need
     (Browser)
   + For running JS in Back-End using 
     framework(NodeJS) we need
     a server.
   + For running JS in DB we need (JSON)   

+ Java
   + Compiled
   + It is a programming language used in,
     Web Appln., Android Programming, etc.
   + Java code is written and works on a
     server.
   + It is compiled and works on a JVM in
     different platforms.   

---

# Popularity of JavaScript

+ Chosen by most as the first language to learn.
+ Front-End uses ONLY JavaScript.
+ Back-End can be created using a framework of JS like Node.js - the most popular framework of JS for this.
+ NoSQL databases, like MongoDB and CoucheDB are based on JS syntax.

---

# The first JavaScript Program

+ Alert
+ Confirm
+ Prompt
+ Assigning to a var
   var a;
   a=3;
+ Literals vs Variables
+ Keywords vs Variables

---

# Naming Variables

+ Cannot contain spaces
+ Must begin with a letter, an underscore(_)
  or a dollar sign($)
+ Can only contain letters, numbers, underscores, or dollar sign.
+ Are case-sensitive.

---

