---
marp: true
---

# JS form Validation

+ <html>
   <body>
   <form name="myform" action="" onsubmit="return validateForm()">
   <input type="text" name="fname">
   <input type="submit" value="submit">
   </form>

   <script>
       function validateForm() {
           var x = document.forms["myForm"]["fname"].value;4
           if (x==""){
               alert("Name must be filled out");
               return false;
           }
       }
   </body>
  </html>

+ HTML form validation can be done by JS.
+ Client side validation is performed by a web browser, before input is sent to a web server.
+ You can cause automatic submit without submit
  button using
  document.form[0].submit();

---

# Browser Object Model (BOM)

+ The browser object model (BOM) allows JS to 
  "talk to" the browser.
+ The Window object
  + window.innerHeight
  + window.innerWidth
  + window.open()
  + windoe.close()
  + window.moveTo()
  + window.resizeTo()

---

# Screen Object

+ The windoe.screen object can be written without the window prefix.
  + screen.width
  + screen.height
  + screen.availWidth
  + screen.availHeight
  + screen.colorDepth
  + screen.pixelDepth

---

# Other Window Objects

+ window.location.href returns the href
  (URL) of the current page.
+ window.location = "https://www.newlocation.com";
+ The window.navigator object contains information about the visitor's browser.
+ javaEnabled()
+ cookieEnabled
+ history.back() - 
   same as clicking back in the browser
+ history.forward() - 
   same as clicking forward in the browser

---

# Cookies

+ How to remember information about the user.
+ Cookies let you store user information in web
  pages - Name Value pairs.
+ Stored in small text files on your own computer.
+ When the user requests a web page from a
   server, cookies belonging to the page 
   are added to the request.
  This way the server gets the necessary data
  to "remember" information about users.
+ How to get and set cookies.

---

# Exception Handling

+ Try
+ Catch
+ Throw
+ Finally

  try {
      // Block of code to try
  }
  catch(err) {
     // Block of code to handle errors
  }
  finally {
      // Block of code to be executed regardless of the try catch result.
  }