---
marp: true
---

#   Revisit OOP

+ Paradigm
+ OOPs
+ A blueprint/template (abstraction) and an 
  implementation of its (instance)
+ The entire program built with classes
  and objects with encapsulation.

----

#   Class

+ Class - just like another function
+ Classes unlike functions are not hoisted.
+ Class body can have only 'methods'
  and not properties.
+ 3 types of function in a class
    + A single constructor
    + Static functions
    + Instance functions

----

# Constuctor Functions

+  A factory to construct JS objects everytime
   is the Constructor function-Object factory.
+ Name of the construction function begins
  with capital letters
+ Function constructor creates object of the
  function
+ Function constructor should not
   return anything
+ Default and parameterized constructors.

----

# JS Object revisit

+ Objects are manufactured using the new 
  keyword with the constructor function
+ In JS, we can define objects without
  defining a class
+ JS is not a class-based Oject-oriented
  language.
+ Objects can define their own methods in their
  body
+ Can keep adding properties, and methods later as well
+ Arrays use numbered indexes.
+ Objects used named indexes.
+ Create a new object based on an existing
  object - The create() method.

---

#  Object Literals

+ What is it.
+ Object literals can have the properties
  from already defined variables outside.
+ Object literals can overwrite the vars too.
+ Object literals can have property names as
  string also function name.
   But need to call with square brackets now.
+ Object literals can be helpful names with 
  spaces in them.

---

#   Dynamic Fields

+ Dynamic variables names don't have a specific
  name hard-coded in the script.
+ They are named dynamically with string values
  from other sources.

---

#    Getters and Setters

+ The get syntax binds an object property to a 
   function that will be called when that property is looked up.

   {get prop() {...} }
   {get [expression](){...}}

+ The set syntax binds an object property to a function to be called when there is an attempt
  to set that property.

  {set prop(val){...}}
  {set [expression](val){...}}

---


