---
marp: true
---

#  'This' in nested function

+ 'This' points to the object invoking the functions.
+ Functions have other functions defined inside them
+ Before ES6, there is a bug -
+ The 'this' pointer of an inner function points to the global 'this',rather than 'this' of the outer function
+ So we need a work around

---

# IIF Immediately Invoked Function
#     Arrow functions

+ What is it.
+ Merits:-
   + Such fns. can be used as objects and in callbacks etc.
   + 'This' with arrow functions-
   doesn't change context based on
   what calls it, instead retains
   where it is used and defined to its scope.

---

+ Arrow fns., cause 'this' to preserve its context to where its
  defined.
+ With normal fns., we had to put self=this;
  and then use self inside other functions of the scope
+ With arrow fns., just use 'this'
  directly. It uses 'this' of
  the outer scope.
+ If you want specific 'this' keyword for the function only,
  then use normal distributions.

----

#  Default parameters

+ To assign default parameters
+ When calling a function with all
  arguments, the arguments are 
  assigned from left to right overwriting defaults.
+  If any arguments remain to be assigned at function call,
  they will be undefined if no default is set.
+ Expression can also be assigned 
  as default.
+ Assigning default using other argument values.

---

# Rest and spread operator

+ Rest parameters
+ Spread operator
+ Difference between rest and spread
+ The "for of" loop