---
marp: true
---

# Destructuring

+ The destucturing aasignment syntax makes it possible to unpack
 values from arrays, or properties
 from objects, into distinct variables.
+ Giving alias.

----

#   Modules

+ Modules-separation of concerns
+ All import are hoisted at the top.
+ We can modify the imported variables. They are read only.
+ Imported object properties can be changed, but not the reference.
+ Named exports, default exports.
+ Export functions and classes.

---

#     Sets and Maps

+ Data structure ?
+ sets ?
+ maps ?
+ weaksets ?
  + visit "https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/weaksets"

+ weakmaps ?
  +  visit "https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/weakmaps"
+ visit "https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Map"

----

#    Symbol

+ The data type symbol is a primitive data type.
+ The Symbol() function returns a value of type symbol.
+ Has static properties that expose several members of builtin objects.
+ It does not support the syntax,
  "new Symbol()"
+ Symbol always creates a unique ID.

----

#       Iterating Over Objects

+  Iterator is an object that 
   implements a next() method.
+ next() results an object with a
  value property and a 'done'
  property - true or false.
+ Plain JS object is not iterable.
+ The for of loop needs an iterator
  method to loop through it.

----

#     Generator

+ What if you wanted only a part    
   function to be executed now and  
    the remaining later .
+ generators are function that can 
  be paused and resumed as many times.
+ Pausing of execution within the function is possible using "yield"
  keyword.
+ next() completes till first yield then again next() completes till the second yield and so on.
