---
marp: true
--- 

#  Other jQuery methods

#  prop() Vs attr()

+  The difference between them ?
+ The prop() method is used to change properties for HTML tag as 
  per the DOM tree.
+ The attr() changes attributes
  for HTML tags.

---

#      Traversing

+   <html>
        <head>
            <title></title>
            <meta> 
        </head>
        <body>
            <h1></h1>
            <p id="">
            </p>
        </body>
    </html>

+  Parent, ancestor
+ Child, descendant
+ Siblings

#       Filtering Elements in jQuery

+  Elements can be filtered to 
   manipulate using jQuery methods.
+ Filter based on their index or a 
  selector or based on a function test.
+ visit "https://api.jquery.com/category/traversing/filtering/"
+ visit "https://api.jquery.com/filter/"

---

#     jQuery Form methods

+ .serialize()
+ .submit()
+ .focus()

---

#    jQuery Dimensions

+ The box model -
    +  width()
    + height()
    + innerWidth()
    + innerHeight()
    + outerWidth()
    + outerHeight()
    + outerWidth(true)
    + outerHeight(true)

---

#     Animations

+  Effects and animations using jQuey
  + .hide() - hides the selected element
  + .fadeout() for slow hide
  + .show() shows the selected element
  + .fadein() for slow show
  + .toggle() hide and slow alternately
  + fadetoggle() for slow hide/show
  + slideUp(), slideDown() for sliding the element up and down
  + .animate ({opacity:0.5}) - the second value in this CSS should be a number value.
+ For the CSS properties to be animated - use camelCase names of properties
+ To manipulate the position, 
  remember the first set the CSS position property of the element to relative, fixed or absolute.
+ By default, all HTML elements have a static position, and cannot be moved.
+ Multiple animations using relative values.
+ Animations always one after one.

----

#   Callbacks

+ callbacks ?
+ JS statements are executed sequentially line by line.
+ With effects, the next line of code would run even though the effect is not finished.

---

#      Chaining

+ Chaining allows us to run multiple jQuery (on the same element) within a single statement,
  on the same element.
+ With chaining, browsers do not have to find the same element again and again.
+ Saves some writing too!

---

#   Iterating over arrays and objects

+ Why do we use jQuery .each() function
+ The .each() function in jQuery
  is used by developers to iterate over both arrays and objects seamlessly.
+ Where arrays and array-like objects with a length property are 
  iterated by numeric index, other
  objects are iterated with their 
  named properties.

----

#     Summary

+ Understood using the jQuery library
+ Equipped to extend/refactor jQuery code.